Extend docs with 'How It Works' section (#131)
pyrra-dev/pyrra: README.md

Feel free to give it a try there!

## How It Works

There are three components of Pyrra, all of which work through a single binary:

- The frontend which displays SLOs, error budgets, burn rates, etc.
- The api which delivers information about SLOs from a backend (like Kubernetes)
  to the frontend.
- A reconciler which watches for new SLO objects and then creates Prometheus 
  recording rules for each.

> For the reconciler to do its magic, an SLO object needs to provided in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the backend/operator to do its magic, an SLO object needs to provide in 
```

Author: I think this should be `needs to be provided` 😬

Author: I've changed it, PTAL!

YAML-format:

```yaml
apiVersion: pyrra.dev/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceLevelObjective
metadata:
  name: pyrra-api-errors
  namespace: monitoring
  labels:
    prometheus: k8s
    role: alert-rules
spec:
  target: '99'
  window: 2w
  description: Pyrra's API requests and response errors over time. For now, this SLO is a comined SLO for all endpoints.
  indicator:
    ratio:
      errors:
        metric: http_requests_total{job="pyrra",code=~"5.."}
      total:
        metric: http_requests_total{job="pyrra"}
      grouping:
        - route
```

Depending on your mode of operation, this information is provided through an
object in Kubernetes, or read from a static file.

In order to calculate error budget burn rates, Pyrra will then proceed to create
[Prometheus recording rules](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/#recording-rules)
for each SLO.

The following rules would be created for the above example:

```

> pyrra-api-errors:increase2w
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate3m
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate15m
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate30m
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate1h
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate3h
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate12h
> pyrra-api-errors:burnrate2d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
http_requests:increase2w
http_requests:burnrate3m
http_requests:burnrate15m
http_requests:burnrate30m
http_requests:burnrate1h
http_requests:burnrate3h
http_requests:burnrate12h
http_requests:burnrate2d

The recording rules names are based on the originally provided metric. 
The recording rules contain the necessary labels to uniquely identify the recording rules in case there are multiple ones available.
```

```

### Running inside a Kubernetes cluster

> An example for this mode of operation can be found in [examples/kubernetes](examples/kubernetes).

> Here two deployments are needed: one for the API / frontend and one for the 
> reconciler. For the first deployment, start the binary with the `api` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here two deployments are needed: one for the API / UI and one for the 
operator. For the first deployment, start the binary with the `api` argument.
```

> When starting the binary with the `kubernetes` argument, the service will watch
> the apiserver for `ServiceLevelObjectives`. Once a new SLO is picked up,
> Pyrra will create [PrometheusRule](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/operator/design/#prometheusrule)
> objects that are automatically picked up by the [Prometheus Operator](https://prometheus-operator.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting the binary with the `kubernetes` argument, the service will watch
the apiserver for `ServiceLevelObjectives`. Once a new SLO is picked up,
Pyrra will create [PrometheusRule](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/operator/design/#prometheusrule)
objects that are automatically picked up by the [Prometheus Operator](https://prometheus-operator.dev).
```

If you're unable to run the Prometheus Operator inside your cluster, you can add
the `--config-map-mode=true` flag after the `kubernetes` argument. This will
save each recording rule in a separate `ConfigMap`.

### Running inside Docker / Filesystem

> An example for this mode of operation can be found in [examples/docker-compose](examples/docker-compose).

You can easily start Pyrra on its own via the provided Docker image:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/pyrra-dev/pyrra:v0.3.3
```

When running Pyrra outside of Kubernetes, the SLO object can be provided through
a YAML file read from the file system. For this, one container or binary needs to
be started with the `api` argument and the reconciler with the `filesystem` 
argument.

> Here, Pyrra will save the generated recording rules to disk where it can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, Pyrra will save the generated recording rules to disk where they can be 
```
